I spent my bonus. I think it was $40,000. I got a tax free and I purchased
my house with that, and that was a pretty wise investment. I still
have the houses to this day, and I think, uh, it's gonna go ahead
and him with my retirement. Um, other people they spent their car
on, I think, for for our nuclear enlistment bonus, we got like, uh,
some people got $12,000. I used my cash. I used mine for to go to school.
I think I got $50,000 for tuition assistance. But other people,
they didn't want the education and they just got the Marine 12,000
bucks. And next thing you know, we just barely joined and they're driving
around in a new, uh 300 ZX or something. And I would say that
that's a bad investment because it depreciates in value. But you can't
convince them of that. They were having the time of their lives.
And, uh, while I'm driving around in my eclipse, they're getting all
the girls and going to all the parties and stuff in there. They're
beautiful car, so I think they probably think it's worth it. So it
depends on your personal style. What you want to spend your money on